Add some more context regarding VC/VP (#65)
AnonCreds-WG/anoncreds-spec: spec/terminology.md

~ TODO

[[def: credential]]
~ A credential is a set of [[ref: claim]]s about an identity [[ref: subject]]. A [[ref: Verifiable Credential]] is a tamper-proof credential whose authorship is cryptographically verifiable. An anonymous credential, also known as AnonCreds, is a verifiable credential that has privacy-preserving properties to enable data minimization and correlation resistance. 

[[def: Verifiable Credential]]

> ~ A verifiable credential is a temper-evident credential with cryptographically verifiable authorship. A verifiable credential is exchanged between a [[ref: issuer]] and a [[ref: holder]]. It consists of one or more [[ref: claims]] made by an [[ref: issuer]] about the [[ref: holder]] of a credential. One or several verifiable credentials can be used to construct a [[ref: Verifiable Presentation]] containing croptographically verifiable proofs of the [[ref: claims]]. In the case of the AnonCreds protocol, anonymous credentials known as AnonCreds are used that focus heavily on privacy features like [[ref: zero-knowledge proofs]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~ A verifiable credential is a tamper-evident credential with cryptographically verifiable authorship. A verifiable credential is exchanged between a [[ref: issuer]] and a [[ref: holder]]. It consists of one or more [[ref: claims]] made by an [[ref: issuer]] about the [[ref: holder]] of a credential. One or several verifiable credentials can be used to construct a [[ref: Verifiable Presentation]] containing cryptographically verifiable proofs of the [[ref: claims]]. In the case of the AnonCreds protocol, anonymous credentials known as AnonCreds are used that focus heavily on privacy features like [[ref: zero-knowledge proofs]].
```

> ~ A verifiable Credential depends on a [[ref: CRED_DEF]], a [[ref: SCHEMA]] and optionally a [[ref: REV_REG_DEF]] and corresponding [[ref: REV_REG_ENTRY]] (for credentials that support revocation) to be present on a [[ref: Verifiable Data Registry]] that is accessible to all participants of the ecosystem.

Reviewer: Wondering if this should be AnonCred? A Verifiable Credential, is the term reserved by the W3C, we should be clear about the distinction.

AnonCreds are something that can be represented as VCs. But VCs do not depend on AnonCreds
